Home
Current activities
SLSA v1.2
Understanding SLSA
What's new
About SLSA
Supply chain threats
Use cases
Guiding principles
FAQ
Future directions
Tracks
Build Track
Basics
Terminology
Producing artifacts
Distributing provenance
Verifying artifacts
Assessing build platforms
Source Track
Producing source
Verifying source
Assessing source control systems
Example controls
Cross Track Information
Threats & mitigations
Verified Properties
Attestation formats
General model
Provenance
Build Provenance
Verification Summary
Single-page view
SLSA v1.1
SLSA Working Draft
How to SLSA
Specification stages
Community
Blog
Provenance
Status: Approved

ON THIS PAGE

In SLSA ‘provenance’ refers to verifiable information that can be used to track an artifact back, through all the moving parts in a complex supply chain, to where it came from. It’s the verifiable information about software artifacts describing where, when, and how something was produced.

The different SLSA tracks may have their own, more specific, implementations of provenance to account for their unique needs.

NOTE: If you landed here via the in-toto attestation predicate type https://slsa.dev/provenance/v1 please see Build provenance.

Build provenance - tracks the output of a build process back to the source code used to produce that output.
Source provenance - tracks the creation of source code revisions and the change management processes that were in place during their creation.
‹ General model
Build Provenance ›

SLSA is a cross-industry collaboration.
© 2026 The Linux Foundation, under the terms of the Community Specification License 1.0

Privacy statement
We use GoatCounter to help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how it's used. We do not store advertising or tracking cookies. The information we collect does not identify anyone and does not track an individual's use of the site.

View source on GitHub

This site is powered by Netlify